docs: #866 Update Intro to Redpanda (#987)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/terms/partials/beta.adoc

=== beta
:term-name: beta

> :hover-text: Features in beta are available for testing and feedback. They are not covered by Redpanda Support and should not be used in production environments. 

Reviewer: Should you distinguish between public and private beta?

Author: I don't think so. We don't publicly document features in private beta. Some have managed to slide out, but there are none right now.

> :hover-text: Features in beta are available for testing and feedback. They are not covered by Redpanda Support and should not be used in production environments. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:hover-text: Features in beta are available for testing and feedback. They are not supported by Redpanda and should not be used in production environments. 
```
